How long have  you been wai ting?
I just got here.
Such an expatriate. You're so gentle!
I'm a Vietnamese.
Being gentle is in my blood.
How do you feel about this return?
Are there many changes?
It's been 6 years. Many things have changed.
I'm the biggest change, ain't I?
You're the woman of the family now.
Here's your drinks.
- Thank you.
- Yes.
Hey.
Hold on.
Yes?
Your shirt's dirty.
Thank you, sir.
I don't like untidy things.
I know you.
Why are you here so early today?
I shouldn't have come to work!
My brother's back.
Don't mention me.
It depends on whether he can realize you.
Bye.
Let's drink.
Thank you.
Brother!
How are you?
I'm good.
Oh, my dear son!
You're acting like you really love him!
Huh?
Am I not allowed to love my son?
Stop drinking and then you can. Okay?
Who would drink coffee at night?
We can find a pub and have some drinks!
Hey! You are not allowed to drink!
No!
Just one bottle!
No means no!
Thach's just got back so he can drink.
But you, no!
Brother. Don't let him drink alcohol!
Uhm. I got it.
The beers taste so good today.
I heard you're addicted to beers.
I didn't see you drink before.
Since I got married,
there have been so many pressures.
Don't drink much.
I drink these to refresh my thirst.
If only I could have had enough money
to have you treated abroad.
I couldn't do anything back then.
It was still better to use the money on the restaurant.
Hey, Duy.
Yes?
Let's go back.
Okay, bro.
Let me clean this up first.
Can I sit here for a while?
You're back?
Make yourself comfortable.
What time do you close?
Just sit and relax.
We're closed at 11:00 P.M.
Grab me a beer, the type which we had the other day.
Okay. Got it!
You had beers?
Why did you tell me that you quit it?
I only had one bottle!
It still means you had it!
Come here! With me!
Ahh! I'm sorry!
Why did you tell me you quit?
Obviously, you told me so! Now you...
Come here! Right here!
I won't do it again! I won't!
Hey, you.
What time do you close?
Uh...
11 P.M.
It's only 10:20 A.M.Give me a beer.
Give me a beer.
Yes.
Do we know each other?
I've worked at many places. Maybe you're mistaking.
- Your voice...
- Maybe you have ever heard it at a coffee shop!
We don't know each other?
I was blind.
You're unfamiliar to me, sir.
If there's nothing else, I need to go.
Phuc! Someone's calling you!
Yep!
I'm drying clothes, so pick up the phone for me!
What's up, dear? How are you and the guy with the cute scar?
Hello!
Oops... You're not Phuc?
Uhm!
He's busy, so he asked me to pick this up.
Ah! Phuc is here!
Hello! It's me!
Heyyy... Who did you let answer my call?
Hello, I'm listening.
do you call me?
Oh! I want to ask you to buy some personal stuff.
The things at home were all expired.
I just take care of the house
The things at home i doesn't dare to throw it away
Yes, "ma'am". I got it.
But, hey.
yes
Can you help me find a helper?
still the same request?
Let me handle this. The most person!
You know my requirements.
Thank you.
Let me find a helper for you!
Um. Please do.
My secretary said you booked a flight.
I'll come to the USA next week.
But you just got back yesterday!
Why don't you move back here for a long stay?
I don't think this place is for me anymore.
Let's eat.
Let me help you find Phuc.
Who's Phuc?
Yes?
I don't remember him.
All those vague memories
should be out of my mind.
The vaguer
or duller they are,
the easier it is for me to forget.
Just let them vanish.
These are all my favorite dishes!
Has it been 6 years?
I thought...
I could forget you.
At least you should have left a thing for me
so that I could live a life without you.
There was nothing.
Should I tell Thach?
Please don't.
It's been 6 years.
If you can't be lovers, then be friends.
I think I shouldn't see him again.
It's okay. I should work now.
I thought you were the most stubborn one!
Don't mention what's in the past. I feel so bad about it.
Thach asked me to find a helper for him.
Should we trick Phuc to do it?
Then, we must make sure they don't know.
Just capture him,
carry him in our arms and throw him into Thach's house.
Who will carry him? Will you?
Just do it! Carry him!
I'm so good at carrying you to our bed,
but it'd take me more time to carry someone else.
We're in public!
Hello!
Are you Quyen Anh?
Yes, I am!
Okay. You can start today.
Huh?
Start today?
Is there any problem?
Uh...
Um, I...
This is Thach, the house owner.
Mr. Thach!
You look so "yummy" with white skin!
You have a light skin! Yummy!
You can clean every corner,
except for my room.
Ma'am! Mr. Thach looks difficult!
You want to bail out even before starting?
I don't! Gosh!
You don't know me!
You must leave strict people like him to me!
Ma'am. The other day I watched a Korean movie.
The boss and the helper,
gosh, these two, they were... similar like this!
I only watched to the middle and my mom turned it off!
Now, I want to experience it here.
Please allow me!
Focus on your work, miss! Less time for movies or you'll get fired.
Yes, yes, yes! I'll work now!
Mr. Thach! Mr. Thach!
Change all of the locks!
Yes.
Also the gate's lock,
don't forget it!
Yes.
At 5:00 PM precisely, I will take a shower.
Don't be late!
I don't like that.
I was waiting for you.
Mr. Thach?
Why don't you rest in your room?
You're roaming as if you're sleepwalking!
Huh? Why do you look so sad?
What's happened? Tell me!
You can't say it?
Then, you can text me!
I've been waiting for a text all day!
Remember to text me!
Tell me about it!
Will you?
I told you to be gentle.
Yes. Can I do this again?
No need.
Yes... so... Can I leave?
Go.
Yes.
Wait.
Yes?
I've told you to wash the rice carefully so many times!
You can't even do the cooking!
If you can't, just quit!
Sir!
What?
Do you know my name?
I don't.
My father is Vo Hoang Quan.
He named me Vo Thuy Quyen Anh. (Quyen Anh = boxing)
You know how our names reflect us.
Fine! This Vo Thuy Quyen Anh
will tell you what "knocked out" means!
Do I have to clean them up myself?
I can't clean my own mess!
Why hasn't Nu called me yet?
Hello?
what did you do to her?she yelled at the job placement office.
I have rules that I must follow.
Yep! So live alone, play alone with this rules
Try to find a careful and thoughtful helper
who can obey rules.
for you oppress, exploit, and then fire them?
Okay? Help me with this.
He will come at 8:00 tomorrow
Um. Tell him to be punctual.
Hey, guy!
Yes.
Come here.